1.
a) The purpose of declaring exceptions is to avoid abnormal termination of the program when it runs into a runtime error. Multiple exceptions an be declared in a method header.
b) Checked exceptions are checked at compile-time and must be handled by the programmer, while unchecked exceptions occur at runtime and don’t need explicit handling.
c) You throw an exception using the throw keyword. You cannot throw multiple exceptions in a single throw statement. Example: throw new Exception("Error!")
d) The file path new File("c:\book\test.dat"); is incorrect because the backslash is an escape character. Must use double backslashes (\\) or a forward slash (/) instead.
e) The File class is not used for file I/O but for managing file paths and properties. Creating a File object does not create a physical file on disk; you must call createNewFile() to do that.
f) PrintWriter can be created to write data to a file by passing a File object or file name to its constructor: PrintWriter output = new PrintWriter(new File("scores.txt"));
The throws Exception in the main method is declared because file operations can raise checked exceptions, such as IOException. Declaring it avoids the need to handle the exception explicitly inside the method.
If the close() method were not invoked, the data written to the file might not be fully saved (flushed) to disk, and resources (like file handles) would not be released properly, potentially leading to memory leaks or file corruption.
g) Scanner can be created to read data from a file by passing a File object to its constructor: Scanner input = new Scanner(new File("scores.txt"));
The throws Exception in the main method is used because the creation of a File object or initializing the Scanner can raise checked exceptions like FileNotFoundException. Declaring it avoids handling the exception explicitly within the method.
If the close() method were not invoked, the Scanner would not release the file resource it is using. This could lead to resource leaks or file locks, preventing other processes from accessing the file.
h) If a Scanner is created for a nonexistent file, the program will throw a FileNotFoundException. If a PrintWriter is created for an existing file, the existing file will be overwritten and all previous contents will be lost.

2.
a) statement 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7
b) statement 1, 4, 5, 6, 7
c) statement 1, 5, 8
d) statement 1, 5
